Recommend that Explainers use Markdown or similar. (#61)
w3ctag/tag.w3.org: explainers/index.md

You undoubtedly had reasons not to choose those alternatives, but reviewers and other stakeholders may not have that context. Avoid redundant "what about [already-ruled out alternative]" type questions by explaining why those alternatives were ruled out.

### Enable Easy Deep Linking

You should host your explainer as HTML at a stable, readable URL,
ideally next to where the specification is expected to land.
Use a source format like Markdown
that makes it easy for reviewers to link directly to sections inside the document.

> It's fine to use a host like Github that automatically renders Markdown.

Reviewer: A nit, but I understand this should be GitHub (sorry, I'm not familiar enough with the web UI to make this a suggestion).

Reviewer 2: I have that power @matatk.  I've used haxx to ensure that you get credit.

your [considered alternatives](https://github.com/w3ctag/tag.w3.org/blob/main/explainers/template.md#considered-alternatives) section
or your [references and acknowledgements](https://github.com/w3ctag/tag.w3.org/blob/main/explainers/template.md#references--acknowledgements).

### Enable Easy Deep Linking

You should host your explainer as HTML at a stable, readable URL,
ideally next to where the specification is expected to land.

> Use a source format like Markdown

Reviewer 3: HTML is also a wonderful source format.

> Use a source format like Markdown
> that makes it easy for reviewers to link directly to sections inside the document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use a format
that makes it easy for reviewers to link directly to sections inside the document,
like Markdown or HTML.
```
